Ansible Role Template
=========



This is an Ansible role to install and configure install.

Include more information about install in this section.

Requirements
------------
These platforms are supported:
- Ubuntu 20.04
- Debian 11
- EL 8 (Tested on Rocky Linux 8)

<!--
- List hardware requirements here  
-->

Role Variables
--------------

The variables for this role are VERY insecure by default. Please change them to something more secure if you want to use this role. This role is meant for testing purposes only.

You can view the default variables in [defaults/main.yml](./defaults/main.yml).

NOTE: This table is generated by AI, please double-check the `defaults/main.yml` file for the most up-to-date information. The dictionaries have a default value that is not included in this table.


Variable | Default | Description
--- | --- | ---
`foreman_install_release_stream` | `"3.1"` | Version of the Foreman release stream. Defaults to 3.1, which is used by Red Hat Satellite 6.11.
`foreman_install_katello_release_stream` | `"4.3"` | Version of the Katello release stream. Defaults to 4.3, which is used by Red Hat Satellite 6.11.
`foreman_install_enable_katello` | [./vars](./vars) | Whether to enable Katello installation. Defaults according to the OS.
`foreman_install_foreman_installer_packages` | [./vars](./vars) | Foreman installer packages to be installed.
`foreman_install_puppet_release_url` | [./vars](./vars) | URL for the Puppet release package.
`foreman_install_rpm_release_url` | [./vars](./vars) | RPM release URL for Foreman.
`foreman_install_katello_rpm_release_url` | [./vars](./vars) | RPM release URL for Katello.
`foreman_install_foreman_apt_key_url` | [./vars](./vars) | URL for Foreman's apt key.
`foreman_install_foreman_apt_key_dest` | [./vars](./vars) | Destination for Foreman's apt key.
`foreman_install_foreman_apt_repo` | [./vars](./vars) | Foreman's APT repository.
`foreman_install_foreman_apt_plugins_repo` | [./vars](./vars) | Foreman's APT plugins repository.
`foreman_install_foreman_dnf_modules` | [./vars](./vars) | Foreman DNF modules to enable.
Divider | Divider | Divider
`foreman_install_installer_initial_location` | `Default Location` | Initial location setting for the Foreman installer.
`foreman_install_installer_initial_organization` | `Default Organization` | Initial organization setting for the Foreman installer.
`foreman_install_installer_initial_admin_username` | `admin` | Initial admin username for the Foreman installer.
`foreman_install_installer_initial_admin_password` | `admin` | Initial admin password for the Foreman installer.
`foreman_install_skip_installer` | `false` | Whether to skip the Foreman installer or not.


Dependencies
------------
<!-- List dependencies on other roles or criteria -->
None

Example Playbook
----------------

```yaml
- name: Use diademiemi.install role
  hosts: "{{ target | default('install') }}"
  roles:
    - role: "diademiemi.install"
      tags: ['diademiemi', 'install', 'setup']    ```

```

License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

- diademiemi (@diademiemi)

Role Testing
------------

This repository comes with Molecule that run in Podman on the supported platforms.
Install Molecule by running

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

Run the tests with

```bash
molecule test
```

These tests are automatically ran by GitHub Actions on push. If the tests are successful, the role is automatically published to Ansible Galaxy.

